[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> You are listening to the
Alcohol and Moderation Mind
Talk Audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to cause deep relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio
you are in a safe
and comfortable place
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now there's
nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and
let go, and really enjoy
these peaceful feelings and all
the benefits that come with it.
In this deep and special
sleep, your subconscious mind
for your safe keeping
monitors everything
that's happening around you.
So these suggestions, because
they're for your benefit,
go directly to your subconscious
mind where they're accepted.
And these thoughts
become established,
firmly fixed deeply in
your inner mind, embedded.
So these suggestions
remain with you
long after you open
your eyes, helping
you to change those
things you want
to change for your own sake.
And these new thoughts
help you begin
to change the things
you want to change,
and these changes allow you to
enjoy your life more and more.
And I want you now to
imagine that you're
checking your body to ensure
you become totally relaxed.
As your muscles relax, just
let your mind relax also,
beginning with your feet.
Feel your toes.
Stretch them and feel
the texture of what
your feet are resting on.
And now begin to
tighten your calves,
and allow them to relax now.
Allow that relaxation to
spread past your ankles,
up your calves through
the back of your knees,
and feel those muscles
easing, resting comfortably.
Now the large muscles
of your thighs.
Pull them tight.
Be aware of those
large muscles tensing.
And now relax those muscles.
Feel them lengthen and
resting comfortably.
Feel your legs as they sink even
deeper as you relax even more,
and notice how rhythmic
your breathing is becoming.
Now your stomach muscles.
Pull them together gently.
And now let them expand
and relax comfortably.
Your shoulders and
the back muscles--
flex your shoulders.
Feel those muscles
pull across your back.
And now let your shoulders
slap as you relax the muscles.
And notice how your spine
sinks deeper into your chair
as you relax even more deeply.
And notice how easy and regular
your breathing has become.
Now your fingertips and fingers.
Clench them now.
Feel the tension.
And now allow them to relax.
Allow the relaxation to spread
up your arms all the way up
to your neck, and
make sure your neck is
comfortable with your
head in an easy position.
Tighten up your neck muscles.
Now let those columns
of muscles loosen
as the muscles relax
and you allow your neck
to sink into the cushions
into a comfortable position.
Your facial muscles are
flat and stretch comfortably
across your face.
Squeeze up your face.
Feel the tension.
And now relax those
muscles and feel
the lengthening and softening,
relaxing more than ever before.
You can now feel the air
temperature against your skin,
and it feels smooth
and comfortable.
And now you can
allow the relaxation
to spread onto your
scalp, knowing that you're
relaxed throughout your body
from the top of your head
to the tips of your toes.
Your body is now loose and
limp and heavy and relaxed.
Notice how your body
is sinking deeper
into relaxation
as your breathing
becomes more regular and easy.
And in a moment, I'll
count slowly from 1 to 10.
And with each number, you
drift deeper and deeper
into peaceful relaxation.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
7, 8, 9, and 10.
Now feeling deeply relaxed.
And you find it easy to
focus your attention,
and you imagine
things very clearly.
I want you to
imagine that you're
standing on a balcony which
has steps leading down
to a beautiful garden.
And as you look
into that garden,
you see it surrounded
with lovely trees,
ensuring the garden is private,
secluded, and peaceful.
There are flower beds
set in the lovely lawn,
and further along is a
waterfall flowing into a stream.
You listen to the
sound of the water.
As you look around
you, you see the trees,
and you hear a faint sound
of a bird in the distance,
adding to the feeling
of deep relaxation
through your entire being.
If you look more
closely, you'll see
that there are five
steps leading down
to the garden and
then a small path that
leads to the waterfall.
And in a moment we'll walk down
the steps, and with each step
you go deeper and
deeper into relaxation.
So let's begin.
As you put your foot
on the first step,
you feel yourself going
deeper into relaxation.
Down onto the second step.
As you feel your foot
firmly placed onto the step,
you feel wonderful relief
as you drift even deeper
into relaxation now.
Down onto the third step,
feeling wonderfully free
and so, so relaxed as your foot
reaches for the fourth step.
Another wave of relaxation
drifts through your whole body.
Down onto the fifth step
now, feeling even more deeply
relaxed than ever before.
And now as you find yourself
standing on the lawn,
you see a little way
ahead a waterfall,
and you listen to the water
as it gently splashes.
You can notice the birds singing
in the distance and the sound
of the trees gently swaying.
And a little to the side is
a comfortable garden bench.
You notice the
color of the bench.
And in a moment, I'd like
you to walk over to the bench
and sit down on the bench.
And now you sit down,
and you're surprised
at just how comfortable it is.
And then you're
even more relaxed.
As you sit down on the bench,
you take a deep breath.
And as you breathe out, you
feel a wave of relaxation
go through your
whole body, relaxing
every muscle, every knot.
As you breathe in, you
breathe in positive thoughts.
And as you breathe out, you
breathe out negative thoughts,
leaving room for more positive
thoughts on this journey ahead.
You know that
you've been feeling
uncomfortable about
the level of alcohol
you've consumed recently.
This means that you have already
decided on a conscious level
that it's time to reduce
your alcohol consumption.
You're ready to
make that change.
And now it's time to reinforce
this desire and your motivation
to stick to your decision on
a conscious and subconscious
level and reap the benefits
of the changes you're
about to make.
You know that you don't have a
deep-rooted issue with alcohol.
You simply want to cut down
on the amount of alcohol
you consume.
And maybe you feel
that when you drink,
you find it hard to stop
at a reasonable amount,
or perhaps you're
finding yourself drinking
far too frequently,
and you simply
want to cut down on your intake.
And you know that drinking
alcohol excessively
is toxic to your body.
It can cause problems with
your liver and your kidneys,
your stomach, and your heart.
You're drinking poison,
and you no longer
want to feel the guilt
that you're damaging
your health in this way.
You may also feel that
drinking alcohol excessively
may have been affecting
your normal, everyday life.
Maybe it's been affecting your
social and work relationships
and the quality of
life in general.
And, of course, the first
thing that alcohol impacts
is your brain.
You know that it impairs
your thinking and your sense
of judgment, and you're ready
to put this behind you now.
You know that drinking
alcohol excessively leaves you
feeling terrible the next day.
Your head may be
feeling fuzzy, and you
may feel tired and short
tempered, nauseous,
and desperate to
get through the day.
You know that this
isn't you at your best,
and you're tired of
feeling this way.
You know that once you've had
a drink, your state of mind
is slightly altered.
And you have previously
chosen to continue drinking
instead of stopping
when the time is right,
and this is going to change now.
I'd like you now to imagine that
you're out on a social occasion
and you've finished your drink.
Your glass is empty.
You go to the bar to
order another drink.
But this time
instead of ordering
another alcoholic beverage,
you ask for a glass of water.
You start drinking the
cool, refreshing water,
and you enjoy the feeling.
Enjoy that cleansing feeling
as it flows down your throat.
You can feel it
actually flushing out
those toxins from
your first drink.
You feel the pride in
the fact that you're
taking care of
your body, and you
know that by drinking
a big glass of water,
you're benefiting from
the rejuvenating powers
that water has on
your mind and body.
And once you've finished
your glass of water,
you may choose to order
another glass of alcohol,
but this time you choose to
sip it slowly and carefully
as the evening continues.
Once you finish that
glass, you once again
order another glass of
water, and once again
you reap the benefits, knowing
that you're going to wake up
with a clear head, feeling
good about yourself,
and much more ready to make
the most of the day ahead.
You relish in the thought that
the water will help your body
to process the toxins
that you're consuming
in your alcoholic drink.
And by drinking water in
between classes of alcohol,
you're not only
cleansing your body
but you're also going to remain
in control of your actions
a lot longer.
You may think about
drinking at times
when you're home and
not necessarily out
on a social occasion.
But from now on, you limit this
drinking to certain situations,
perhaps if you're entertaining
guests or celebrating a very
special event.
You simply choose not to
have an alcoholic drink
for any other reason.
And even if you
are having guests
or you're celebrating
a special occasion,
you may even find that you just
don't enjoy it in the same way.
You just don't need
it like you used to,
and that's fine because
you're much happier when
you're in complete control and
your thinking is unimpaired.
If you do choose to drink,
you stick to drinking water
in between glasses, and you
drink your alcohol very slowly,
taking into account the
impact on your mind and body
and all the things you want
to get done the next day.
If you're home and thinking
about having a drink,
then you quickly pour yourself
a glass of something else,
perhaps something sweet
but definitely not alcohol.
And you get the benefits
of that treat, sweet drink
but on your mind and body.
They are free from
toxic alcohol.
You prefer to spend your
money on other things,
and you prefer to spend your
time without the heavy head,
without the guilt,
and you take pride
in making the most of
each and every day.
And as you reduce
your alcohol intake,
you'll find that you're
rewarded in so many ways.
Your health may improve.
You have more pride in yourself.
You find you're not
spending as much money.
Maybe you feel more
confident, more alert,
and much more refreshed.
You feel much more focused,
and your body becomes stronger,
and your confidence
increases day by day.
Your old drinking
habits have been
replaced with newer,
more fulfilling ones,
and you're excited and
confident about being you
without necessarily
needing a drink inside you.
You are valued and
your friendships
do not depend on alcohol.
In fact, you'll be a much
more interesting person
now that you've
made this change,
and you're excited to get
going with this transformation.
From now on, alcohol has
lost its importance to you.
You can still enjoy
it, but you have
no interest in
overindulging, and you're
thrilled that you have made
this conscious and subconscious
decision.
And these suggestions are firmly
embedded in your subconscious
mind, and they grow stronger
and stronger day by day.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from one to five,
and at the count of five,
you can open your eyes
feeling fully refreshed, alert,
and feeling fantastic, bringing
back with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
Coming back now, so
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5.
Eyes open when you're ready.